[Terada] It has
its own wiki site...
[Kotoko] Monsters of
the imagination
only exist and survive
through people's ideation.
So long as people
keep fantasizing
about the steel lady,
she will remain immortal.
Even if we cut off her head,
she'll just keep
coming back.
Her life comes not
from within her,
but from the desires
of others.
[opening music]
Steel Lady Nanase doesn't
have the ability to think.
She's an automaton
that continues
moving in the way
people expect her to.
This makes her completely
different from
your traditional yokai
and ghosts.
[Kuro] Iwanaga.
Hmm?
Then how do we defeat her?
Steel Lady Nanase is bound
to kill someone soon.
I've never seen a monster
of the imagination
grow to this extent.
I dove into the wiki page,
but it seems like
they're somehow making her
even more violent.
[Kotoko] Precisely why
we'll have to use this site
to our advantage in order
to bring her down.
If she's become immortal
because of
everyone's imagination,
we'll just have to conquer
that imagination.
-Huh?
Saki, this is where
your abilities
as a police officer
will come in handy.
You're saying want me
to get the police
to shut the website down?
Not at all.
It isn't very realistic
to shut down
a personal website
without a valid reason.
Then what do you
want from me?
Information.
I need you to get me
valid information
on Karin Nanase's death.
We craft a story,
one plausible and interesting
enough to surpass the rumors.
Steel Lady Nanase is a ghost
As well as a monster of
the imagination
created from that story.
To find a way past that,
We'll overwrite this part
of the story
and convince people to think
that she's something
people made up,
and not actually a ghost.
If the people who believed in
Steel Lady Nanase's existence
believe the revised story,
then Steel Lady Nanase
will lose her vitality
and cease to exist.
A story where
the ghost doesn't exist...
So you plan to apply
a rational explanation
to an urban legend
and prove that it was a lie?
Impossible.
Once a rumor starts spreading,
it doesn't matter if there's
a rational explanation.
Not everyone will accept it.
If the rumor seems
more believable,
then lies can replace
the truth,
regardless of whether
there are discrepancies.
That's correct.
The truth isn't always
the strongest approach.
But Steel Lady Nanase
is also the truth.
Which is why I'm going
to use rational fiction
to counteract her.
[Kotoko] I'll post something on
the forums more appealing
than the standard
"Steel Lady Nanase is a ghost."
A statement that suggests
that the stories about
Steel Lady Nanase
are all fiction.
And should be forgotten.
Rational fiction?
[Kotoko]
"Ghosts don't exist,
therefore Steel Lady Nanase
doesn't exist, either."
No one's interested in a story
that resolves like that.
It's the hopes and fears
people have that make
her existence
more interesting to them.
The Steel Lady exists,
but is a monster of
the imagination.
She'll vanish if people
stop thinking about her.
Telling that truth
produces the same result.
In fact, there'll be more
people writing
that they hope she exists.
Because that's far more
interesting.
But even if it is a lie,
If we can manage to
create a story
that's more interesting
than the false spectre,
people will flock
to it instead.
Though many people really
do believe in spirits,
They also wholeheartedly wish
that such terrifying things
-didn't exist.
-[gasp]
These desires coexist
on opposing vectors,
so we can easily flip
their direction.
All right, that makes sense.
But still, since you sympathize
with spectres,
the idea of you trying
to prove that
they actually don't exist
is basically fraud.
Yes. That's true.
It's a hoax.
But there's no other way
to exterminate this monster.
[Kotoko] Let's discuss
something a bit more realistic.
In order to convince
the forum posters
that Steel Lady Nanase
isn't a real-life ghost,
There are two problems
we need to address.
First, we have to explain
who's causing all of
these attacks
that have been happening
all around Makurazaka City.
Second, we have to
be able to explain
why they're doing
something like this.
We offer a new solution
that will realistically
explain these two factors.
We will bind Steel Lady Nanase
in rational fiction.
I need accurate information
to make this plan happen.
If I were to write something
just using just the information
about her
that's available online,
And later, someone points out
there was an error,
suddenly, our solution
sounds less credible.
And that's the reason why
I need information
from the police.
Especially concerning
Karin Nanase's death.
You're asking an officer
to leak personal--? [gasp]
What's this?
I thought this might
prove more difficult
since you're an officer
in the traffic division,
But you already have documents
on Karin Nanase right here!
Hey! Give that ba--
[Saki] Hey, Kuro!
What is with this girl?!
I tried warning you
yesterday, didn't I?!
I told you not to get involved
with the Steel Lady!
But seeing how you have
documents on her,
I'm sure you can't let
Steel Lady Nanase go either.
As I told you yesterday,
A detective I know believes
Steel Lady Nanase
is part of a larger incident,
and is investigating--
Then we have the same goal.
We have to defeat her somehow,
And that's exactly
why I need these.
Saki, will you
help me out, here?
I'm fine with helping you
gather some more information,
but what about
the perpetrator?
Even if you're going to
make up some rational story,
we don't have a suspect
we can arrest.
And I'm not at all
comfortable with the idea
of framing someone either.
I'll figure out a way that
we can avoid all of that.
Our ultimate goal here,
is to offer a story
more appealing than
the truth.
That there's some ghost
out there
actually causing
all of these incidents.
So in the long run,
it doesn't matter if we can't
pinpoint a suspect.
Because Steel Lady Nanase
was deliberately made up
by someone online.
We just need people
to believe that solution.
What you're saying is,
it doesn't matter
if the police can
solve this or not.
As long as the people
who believe
in Steel Lady Nanase,
are convinced by something
that makes sense to them,
we win.
Is that about it?
That's correct.
That seems a bit harsh.
Compared to a fake solution
that relies on
a police investigation
and going to trial,
it seems less difficult.
I guess I can at least
reveal everything
I'm allowed to.
I suggest we start
with an outline and
go back over any questions
or doubts.
Karin Nanase was suspected
of killing her father,
and the media was after her,
so she hid in Makurazaka City.
Her body was discovered
on January 30th of this year,
just after eight in the morning.
One of the first questions
in the investigation,
was what Karin Nanase
was even doing there.
She was found at a vacant
construction site
for a future condo.
That's a very unlikely place
for a 19-year-old girl
to visit.
And after midnight,
it was pouring,
so there was really no one
around in the area.
It was rather unusual
for her to be out
in that rainy weather,
so late.
The only plausible explanation
is that someone must've
called her out there
to meet with her.
Indeed, and according
to the reports I've read,
there were cigarettes
next to her.
[Saki] There was an umbrella
and five cigarette butts.
And inside her coat pocket,
they also found a lighter and
an open pack of cigarettes.
Karin Nanase was a minor,
so she wouldn't legally
be allowed to smoke.
The police suspect that
she came over here with
the intention to smoke
without being bothered
or noticed, by anyone.
Karin Nanase was called there
to meet with someone,
and smoked while waiting
for them to show up.
Of course, it's also possible
that the person she met with,
was already waiting there
and that was the one
who was smoking.
That wasn't completely
ruled out.
But it was pouring down
the whole night.
So even if someone else
was there,
any footprints would've
been washed away.
But if someone was trying
to get a hold of her,
you'd think we'd find
a record of them
trying to call her phone.
But all they found in
her phone history,
were messages between her
and her manager.
Even early on in
the investigation,
police were trying to rule
this as an accident.
Steel beams suddenly falling,
killing her instantly,
would be the easiest and
most rational explanation.
But if that's truly the case,
some other problems
begin to arise.
[Kuro] Like what?
The fact that there was
no sign of her
trying to defend herself,
as the steel beams came
falling down on her face.
If a steel beam was
about to fall on you,
even if it was hopeless,
you would try to move,
or at least instinctively try
to brace or
defend yourself somehow.
But there was no sign
of that.
So, it's also debatable
that she might've allowed
herself to get crushed.
Yeah, that's a good point.
There was also a theory,
that if it actually
was a murder,
the perp could've hit her
hard enough
to knock her unconscious,
laid her into position and then,
pushed the beams onto her.
But Karin Nanase was on
the run from the media,
and was a suspect in
the death of her own father.
They thought she might be
at her wit's end.
It seemed likely that
she was feeling desperate,
So, if steel beams had fallen
on her around that time,
it wouldn't be surprising
if she was too out
of it to react.
That seemed more likely.
So, the theory about someone
knocking her out
was discarded.
Okay, Karin Nanase was tired
of running from the media
and had even
contemplated suicide.
The steel beams fell
on her amid all that and,
she just couldn't be bothered
to avoid getting crushed.
A possible explanation.
Other investigators came to
that same conclusion.
In the end,
even though the police
officially ruled
Karin Nanase's death
to be an accident,
considering the situation,
there was an unofficial
conclusion that
this accidental death could've
also been a suicide.
Her older sister,
Hatsumi Nanase,
the person most likely to have
a motive to kill her,
had an alibi.
There were no other
likely suspects,
so police came to a conclusion
a month after her body
was found.
Her own sister had
a reason to kill her?
That's right.
She'd been telling others
that her sister was responsible
for their father's death.
If Karin Nanase were to die,
her entire estate would
be given to Hatsumi.
In other words,
Karin's death would've
been convenient.
Even now,
among all the questions
surrounding
Karin Nanase's death,
the biggest one is
her sister, Hatsumi.
But during the investigation,
she was the only person
who denied the theory
that her sister was,
in fact, suicidal,
and wanted another answer.
It's strange that
she'd take issue
with the police concluding
that her sister's death
was all an accident.
You'd think an older sister
suspected of murder,
would want the case to
get wrapped up quickly.
And yet, it bothers me
how she was convinced that
if her sister were to die,
it wouldn't be like that.
So, Iwanaga, you wanna tell us
what actually happened?
What do you mean, Kuro?
The way things usually go,
you probably already
know what happened.
I'm glad you've gotten
to know me so well.
But I didn't use
my usual methods this time.
There were far
too many people around,
so I couldn't go to
the crime scene.
So why don't we head
over right now?
Go where?
We're going to go
find a witness.
[Saki] Why in the world did
you bring me here?!
It's been over six months
since the body of
Karin Nanase was found!
What's the point
in coming
to the scene of
the crime now?!
Right.
You won't find anything.
Which also means
no one will be watching.
And that means,
it's an opportune time
for those who aren't human
to come forth.
[energy gathering]
All right,
let's take a look, shall we?!
Hmm?
She won't be satisfied
unless she does all this.
It's a holy priestess's dance!
And priestesses draw
magic circles now?
Didn't you see
how cool it was?!
Who are you trying
to show off to?
Well, naturally,
for the one
who's about to
be summoned forth.
Huh?
[Male voice]
You guys are so loud.
[gasp]
[haunt] What are you doing here
this late at night?
[scream]
And we're lucky enough to
run into a human spirit.
This should be easy.
Oh, is it you?
The lady of one eye and one leg?
The ayakashi all around town
have been talking about you.
So that means that he's...
the creature that's part
kudan and part mermaid?
Yes! He's part human, too.
Oh... How disturbing.
So, out of curiosity,
have you been here
for a while?
Yes, ma'am.
Ever since I died at
this site last year.
So, you would've been here
when it occurred.
The accident happened
in late January.
One in which
a 19-year-old girl was killed.
Oh, do you mean Karin Nanase?
Huh?
So you know of her then.
Well, after all...
I witnessed the moment
that she met her end!
That night in the rain,
she was all alone.
The poor girl seemed
terribly depressed.
And then...
Hey, look out!
She didn't even bother
trying to dodge
the steel beams.
It happened so quickly!
It was basically suicide!
If only I were faster,
or stronger...
I might've been able
to redirect them.
Now, now.
There's no reason for you
to feel responsible.
And this clarifies the truth
of what we were looking for.
The city's police are efficient.
It was an accidental death
bordering on suicide.
Case closed.
Now hold on!
Is this really a good way
to investigate?
There were no deductions!
We have an unrelated
third-party eyewitness.
What could be better
for relaying the events
that transpired?
So you didn't even
need to confirm
the police investigation
in the first place, did you?!
You could've
found out everything
by asking ghosts and yokai.
It's important
to know the truth.
But it's perhaps
equally important to see
what is generally regarded
as the truth
by the world at large,
and what conclusions
stem from it.
That's how those
on the Internet
who fantasize about
Steel Lady Nanase
formulate their ideas
and function.
I won't be using anything
beyond what's available
to them.
And even if there's information
that's not the truth,
but is believed
as the truth,
I'll use that, as well.
I am the Goddess of Wisdom.
To create this fiction,
I'll need to make it
sound more convincing.
And I'll use
any means necessary.
That's our lady!
I will use this frustration
to do my best, too!
By the time this building
is finished,
I'll be strong enough
to be a guardian spirit!
[Saki] All of this is starting
to feel pretty reckless.
Even if the conclusion
you post on the forum
is well-written,
and is able to draw
people's attention to it,
in the end, whether people
accept it or not
is going to depend
entirely on luck, isn't it?
The problem is,
people aren't always logical.
Many people would
be impressed
that something mystical
had been resolved,
but there are others who
want to believe in ghosts.
Will these lies
be able to hold up,
even when we can't sure
what that balance is?
But that's also
the reason why
monsters of the imagination
aren't so easily created.
We can't know if a lot of
people will believe it or not
unless we give it a try.
Our chances against
the already-spread rumors
of Steel Lady Nanase,
aren't going to be the best.
But every major rumor is
at least believable
to some extent, isn't it?
Besides, we have
our secret weapon, Kuro.
If there's a possibility
that I can produce
a somewhat appealing lie that
enough netizens will accept,
then Kuro will make it
an absolute certainty.
Well, he didn't eat kudan meat
and survive for nothing,
I can tell you that much!
[Kuro] Goodnight, Saki.
See you later.
Yes, have a goodnight.
Right...
See you later.
So Kuro, did you get
a hotel in the area?
Not yet, I hadn't quite
gotten that far.
I thought that might
be the case,
so I made sure I'm staying
in a room with a double bed.
I'm pretty sure
I saw a business hotel
by the station.
Why do you refuse
to sleep with me?!
This isn't really
the time for that.
Iwanaga...
Do you know
what kind of "solution"
you're going to create?
I have to explain
why the perpetrator takes
Karin Nanase's form
and attacks people.
I could come up with
countless motives, of course.
But if you're asking
whether or not
it'll be impactful enough
to draw attention...
It's hard to say.
Hmm.
[Kotoko] Linking it up with
the past incident,
and polishing the narrative
into more of a tearjerker
might give the new rendition
wider appeal.
[Kuro] Not exactly
something realistic,
but a version that seems
more like a story.
Yes, the world is
full of harsh truths
every single day.
And no one finds
them desirable.
And after that,
it'll all be up to you, Kuro.
Yeah, I'll go get the future
that goes along
with your solution.
I'll die as many times
as I need to for you.
[Kuro] There's not just
a single future.
When you look into
the future from the present,
it splits, changes,
and spreads out
into different paths.
There are pathways to
a variety of futures,
and any of those futures
are possible.
And the moment
you choose a path
and move forward,
all the branches
behind you disappear,
and the past
becomes one path.
One path to the past
and the infinite future.
The future's always
unknown and undecided.
But wouldn't that make
telling the future,
pretty much impossible?
If the future splits
infinitely,
there would be no way
to find a single destination.
And yet,
the kudan can make
predictions without fail.
Why the contradiction?
The kudan doesn't
make predictions
by looking into the future.
The kudan is able to winnow
those infinite splits
into a single future.
It has the power to determine
which future will occur,
and what destination awaits.
So that's the true power of
the prophet beast kudan?
What a terrifying ability.
In order to use that power,
the kudan loses its life.
It searches through
the endless amounts of futures
and ultimately decides on one.
So its life force
probably burns out.
[Kuro] However, it can't
determine any kind of future.
Nor can they use it
to their advantage.
What are the limitations?
Well, if I'm not prepared
to die,
I can't see the splits
in the future to choose from.
Perhaps the kudan
doesn't die
because it states
its prophecy,
but is able to state
its prophecy
because it's preparing to die.
Then I guess glimpsing
into the future
is a privilege for those
about to die.
You talk like
it doesn't apply to you.
Well, I can return to life.
Also, I can only
choose futures
that have a high chance
of occurring.
If we're talking about
a year into the future,
there are too many variables,
I wouldn't know which
to choose.
And if the probability of
that future happening
is too low,
the branch is far away
and difficult to grasp.
This all sounds like a pain.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, Kuro,
There's something I wanted
to report to you today.
Report?
That's right!
I received
my letter of acceptance!
Hey, fantastic.
We'll be going to
the same university
in the spring.
Pretty cool, right?
So, Kuro,
when Steel Lady Nanase
killed you earlier,
were you not able
to find a future
in which she can
be destroyed?
If there was one,
then I wasn't able
to reach it.
There were too many pathways,
I didn't have the time
to sort through them.
Finding the best future
to defeat that thing
and coming back to life
took everything out of me.
Though, you didn't actually
defeat her.
You always think you can
solve everything on your own.
Yeah? Look who's talking.
I can come back to life,
but if you die, that's it.
You leave me alone
for a whole week,
and now you act like
you're my guardian?
Back then, Kuro died once,
determined a future,
and came back,
like nothing had happened.
But even after all that,
he couldn't determine a future
where he was able to
defeat Steel Lady Nanase.
That was a potential future
outside of Kuro's grasp.
That's why it's my job to
make it something obtainable.
If I can at least set up
an opportunity,
we can defeat
Steel Lady Nanase.
And Kuro will make
that opportunity a reality.
So... you haven't told Saki
about her, have you?
Nope I didn't say
a single word.
Well, that's good.
It hasn't been
determined that
she's actually involved
in any of this.
So hey, why didn't you try
using your power over
the future to choose a path
where you and Saki
didn't break up?
If I can do that,
I'm going to go grab
a future
where it's okay for me
to break up with you.
Wait...
What are you trying to say?
That's so mean!
Why are you always
like this?!
[Kuro] Don't worry.
It's not like I think
I can get back with Saki.
I imagine
she feels the same way.
I don't overly appreciate
the two of you agreeing
like that, either.
Oh? So, what exactly
do you want me to say?
To passionately tell me
that you'll make me happy,
no matter what.
[laugh]
What's so funny?
Kuro's attachments to
the people in his life
can seem rather weak.
So weak, I can see him
leaving me one day,
and seeing it
as a favor.
He's such a pain.
Why can't you ever be true
to your feelings?
Even just once...
[Kotoko]
Let's head to the hotel.
Once you're through
the park, turn right.
Yeah, sure.
I need to think.
If a victim turns up now,
creating this solution
will become exponentially
more difficult.
It's okay.
I'm sure Steel Lady Nanase
won't be able
to kill anyone yet.
So, we still have
a chance.
As long as
no one approaches her,
nothing should
happen tonight.
[Terada] I'm a detective.
What are you doing
out here so late
and dressed like that?
[Terada]
Like the rumors said...
A woman without a face,
wearing a red dress,
and carrying a steel beam.
Is that special effects
makeup?
It's pretty well-done.
Is she charging me?
Then I have no choice!
What...?
What just happened?
Steel Lady Nanase
killed Detective Terada.
At this rate,
we might start seeing
even more victims.
We have to defeat
Steel Lady Nanase tonight.
Next time,
"Preparing to Conquer
the Steel Lady."